Now, let us discuss the problem, finding factorial of a given number, so for this also we can define
a recursive function and even using iteration that is using Leupp, also reconverted.
Let us, first of all, devise a recursive function for this one.
So first, I will define what does it mean by a factor of a number C factorial is representative of
the symbol.
So this means factor the love and the means.
One in Bhuto into three in two goes on two and so it means factorial of five is one and two, two and
two, three in the four and multiplied by five.
So this will be 120.
If I want to play all these things, I'll get down to 120.
So for n I have to continue to n so for five continue till five or ten, I should continue until ten.
So just like some of the national numbers, this is multiplication of first unnatural numbers.
That is called as factorial.
And even I'll tell you one more thing.
That zero factorial is also possible and its answer is one.
So even one factorial is also one and zero factorial is also one.
So both the results are one.
Now, let us define this recursively.
If I say fact of a number, N is one in two, two and two, three goes on up one more time.
I will include that this one more number and minus one in the end.
So in this, if I observe factor of a number from one to end this portion, if I take this is factorial
off and the minus one.
Yes, this can be the math factor.
Eleven minus one.
So factorial off and as a factorial of and the minus one multiplied by any.
If I multiply that with and then I get that factor in.
So this can be defined recursively factorial of any number and as factorial of and the minus one multiplied
by and one end is greater than zero when anything close to zero four zero also answer is one.
So return one.
That's it.
So this is the recursive definition, and once you have a recursive relation or mathematical formula,
then you can convert that recursive formula into C C++ function.
So let me write on a function for this one.
Integer factorial of M.
If and is equal to zero right on.
When it is zero, return one, return one and return this one.
So I return factorial off and the minus one in the end.
So the function of writing a recursive function is so easy you can directly convert a formula into recursive
function, not same function.
Even we can write using iteration.
That is a loop.
Right, and this is using recursion.
Now, it is more similar to some of us to a natural number, if you remember in the previous example,
we saw a similar function.
Only the difference was here it was plus and one more difference.
Rigdon Zero was dead instead of one because the multiplication is there.
So it should be one.
So the function is similar.
Now, if you do analysis, that analysis will be the same.
The size of the memory required depends on the value that are passing.
If you find functional of five that is factorial of five, then it will be making six calls.
So the height of the stack will be six.
So the amount of memory consumed as part of N and the time number of calls depends on the value that
you're passing like four or five, which will making six calls.
So again, it is out of ends just in the previous video for finding some of us to national and what
we have done, similar analysis.
So I want to avoid analysis here because all that we have done analysis for this one.
So announcers are seen now writing a function for this one is a student exercise.
So you can write on the function by yourself.
So that's all about factorial of a given number.